PXB-2930 2.4.27 release notes and release note tasks (2.4) (#63)
percona/pxb-docs: docs/release-notes/2.4/2.4.27.md

| Release date | December 2022 |
|---|---|
| Install instructions | [Install Percona XtraBackup 2.4](https://docs.percona.com/percona-xtrabackup/2.4/installation.html) |
| Download this version | [Percona XtraBackup 2.4](https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4/LATEST/) |

[Percona XtraBackup for MySQL Databases](https://www.percona.com/software/mysql-database/percona-xtrabackup) enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries. Percona XtraBackup is ideal for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications that cannot tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source solution, Percona XtraBackup drives down backup costs while providing unique features for MySQL backups.

Percona XtraBackup 2.4 does not support making backups of databases created in MySQL 8.0, Percona Server for MySQL 8.0, or Percona XtraDB Cluster 8.0. Download [Percona XtraBackup 8.0](https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-LATEST/#) to make backups for these versions.

## Release highlights

> This release contains fixes for `wsrep_sync_wait` and an xbcloud fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains fixes for backing up PXC and an xbcloud fix.
```

Author: Updated.

## Bugs fixed

> * [PXB-2809](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2809): `wsrep_sync_wait<>0` caused a `Lock wait timeout exceeded` error (Thanks to Frank Well for providing the initial patch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PXB-2809](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2809): `wsrep_sync_wait<>0` caused a `Lock wait timeout exceeded` error when issue against PXC (Thanks to Frank Well for providing the initial patch).
```

Author: Updated.

> * [PXB-2840](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2840): Xbcloud attempted to create a non-existent bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PXB-2840](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2840): Xbcloud was missing to set location constraint when creating a bucket on non-default endpoint.
```

Author: updated.

| Download this version | [Percona XtraBackup 2.4](https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4/LATEST/) |

[Percona XtraBackup for MySQL Databases](https://www.percona.com/software/mysql-database/percona-xtrabackup) enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries. Percona XtraBackup is ideal for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications that cannot tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source solution, Percona XtraBackup drives down backup costs while providing unique features for MySQL backups.

Percona XtraBackup 2.4 does not support making backups of databases created in MySQL 8.0, Percona Server for MySQL 8.0, or Percona XtraDB Cluster 8.0. Download [Percona XtraBackup 8.0](https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-LATEST/#) to make backups for these versions.

## Release highlights

This release contains fixes for backup up Percona XtraDB Cluster and an xbcloud fix.

## Bugs fixed

* [PXB-2809](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2809): `wsrep_sync_wait<>0` caused a `Lock wait timeout exceeded` error when issued against Percona XtraDB Cluster (Thanks to Frank Well for providing the initial patch).

> * [PXB-2840](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2840): Xbcloud did not have a required set location constraint when creating a bucket on a non-default endpoint.

Reviewer: for to mention, this was also a contribution, please add

Thanks to Jason Zareski for the patch.

Author: Done.
